Ooh. Where were we?
Oh, Images.
Huh.
I know.
I mean, I think for classical music...
Like programmatic music is a good word to start.
Because it's very um... explicit in the
like the characters like the characters are like X like times 10
Because I guess programmatic music is like music that's...
takes a story and represents that story in the music so
If you know the story Don Quixote? Don Quixote, you know?
Cervantes. there's a guy named Strauss, who
composed his, we call it Tome Poems of
Don Quixote. And that piece is pretty cool because you can hear um...
there's a scene, there's a part in the book
Cervantes. There, the crazy night, Don Quixote. Do you know Don Quixote?
He's like, he's like the knight who goes crazy because he read too much shibbo
shibboleth novels. He thinks he's a knight, but he's not.
And so like he like kills a flock of sheep.
because he thought it was like warriors.
And he's like, I just like won the battle, but like there's a
Dead flock of sheep and so you can in that
Strauss' Don Quixote, you can hear...
There's like sheep like bleeding and dying and sheep sounds.
and like... Yeah.
Don Quixote. It's called Don Quixote Strauss. Yeah.
Yes! Don Quixote!
Yes. Dodonkey, donkey. Donkey, dodon.
That's a good place.
Yeah, the story came from the store.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yes.... Wait.
Yawn.
sheep.